chore: current monorepo refactoring progress (#86)
moxystudio/eslint-config-moxy: README.md

# eslint-config

> [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Downloads][downloads-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Coverage Status][codecov-image]][codecov-url] [![Dependency status][david-dm-image]][david-dm-url] [![Dev Dependency status][david-dm-dev-image]][david-dm-dev-url]

Reviewer: I think that some of the badges belong to the root, such as codecov and travis, while others are in each repo, such as the npm and downloads ones. Note sure about david, maybe it supports lerna?

Author: According to [this issue](https://github.com/alanshaw/david-www/issues/374), _david_ should let us create one shield per package, but there doesn't seem to be the possibility to create on shield for all packages' dependecies. I think we should keep _david_ shields in each package.

Reviewer: If it works per package in a lerna repo, that's great!

## How it works

> Introduce base and enhancer configs concept and how it 

Reviewer: I think you forgot to remove this.

[travis-url]:https://travis-ci.org/moxystudio/eslint-config
[travis-image]:https://img.shields.io/travis/moxystudio/eslint-config/master.svg
[codecov-url]:https://codecov.io/gh/moxystudio/eslint-config
[codecov-image]:https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/moxystudio/eslint-config/master.svg
[david-dm-url]:https://david-dm.org/moxystudio/eslint-config
[david-dm-image]:https://img.shields.io/david/moxystudio/eslint-config.svg
[david-dm-dev-url]:https://david-dm.org/moxystudio/eslint-config?type=dev
[david-dm-dev-image]:https://img.shields.io/david/dev/moxystudio/eslint-config.svg
MOXY's set of [eslint](http://eslint.org/) configuration packages to be used across several JavaScript projects.

MOXY [eslint](http://eslint.org/) configuration to be used across several JavaScript projects.
## How it works

Introduce base and enhancer configs concept and how it 

## Installation
These repository contains two sets of _eslint_ configurations to be used in Javascript projects:

> `$ npm install --save-dev eslint @moxy/eslint-config`

Reviewer: Can you change all these blocks to use `sh`?

> Using on or more of these packages, you can enforce the desired code styles for each type of project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using one or more of these packages, you can enforce the desired code styles for each type of project.
```

> For more information on how to use each package and their specific configurations, please read the package's README be following the links below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to use each package and their specific configurations, please read the package's README by following the links below.
```

# eslint-config

MOXY's set of [eslint](http://eslint.org/) configuration packages to be used across several JavaScript projects.

## Why is this different

> Until now, in order to use MOXY's eslint configuration, you would have to import the `@moxy/eslint-config` package and extend your project's eslint configuration with a **base** configuration (`es5`, `es6`, `es7`, ...) and the **addons** you wished to use (`browser`, `node`, `react`, ...).

Reviewer: I wouldn't put any "historical" data at the top of the readme. I would prefer to put all this information into a `MIGRATION.md` file or similar.

NOTE: If you are migrating from a previous version of `@moxy/eslint-config`, note that both `@moxy/eslint-config-browser` and `@moxy/eslint-config-isomorphic` already introduce the previous `es-modules` and `babel-parser` **addons**.

- `es-modules`: If you are going to use ES6 import & export instead of CommonJS or AMD (this rule skips root `[...].config.js` files to avoid ignoring this rule in common configuration files)
- `babel-parser`: Use [babel-eslint](https://github.com/babel/babel-eslint) parser so that you may use language features that are not yet implemented in eslint (e.g.: dynamic imports)

### Enhancer configs

There are three available **enhancer** packages, which are intended to be used in conjunction with a **base** configuration,

- `@moxy/eslint-config-jest` - If you are going to use [Jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest/) to develop tests
- `@moxy/eslint-config-react` - If you are going to use [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- `@moxy/eslint-config-vue` - If you are going to use [Vue](https://vuejs.org/)

## Installation

`$ npm install --save-dev eslint @moxy/eslint-config-<DESIRED-CONFIG>`

> *NOTE*: `npm` v3 or greater is required for this package to work correctly until [#3458](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/3458) is resolved.

Reviewer: I think we may remove this warning, as npm v3 is very old now.

{
    "root": true,
    "extends": [
        "@moxy/eslint-config/node"
    ]
}
```

Note that by setting `root` to true, we ensure that no ancestor configuration is used which also improves `ESLint` performance because no more file lookups need to be done.

## Development

After cloning the repository, install and link the dependencies of all the packages with:

> `$ lerna bootstrap`

Reviewer: Can't we put this into a `postinstall` script?

Author: Good idea, should we still leave it in the readme?

## Tests

> `$ lerna run test`

Reviewer: Can we use `lerna exec` in the `test` script to keep `npm t`? See: https://github.com/lerna/lerna/tree/master/commands/exec

Or, inside each package:

`$ npm run test`

## Release and publish

In order to release and publish the packages in which changes have been made, run the following commands in order:

> `$ npm run prerelease`

Reviewer: When you run `npm run release`, npm will run prerelease and postrelease automatically. I think we may simplify this.

`$ npm run release`

`$ npm run postrelease`

> NOTE: `lerna` already takes care of updating the version of dependencies between the packages. This means that when changing a package like `@moxy/eslint-config-core`, other packages that depend on it will also suffer changes in the `package.json` and have a _PATCH_ version bump because of it.

Reviewer: Are you sure that the bump is always a `PATCH`? I think that if a commit is a `feat`, all influenced packages will have a MINOR bump.
